What is this?
Wife, I didn't expect you to be so powerful
A little bully for 100 yuan each.
You cut me to 800,000
Increased our profits by a full 20%.
Of course!
You gambled with your family money before
I have no money to spend
Don't have time to haggle with people
They were all trained at that time
Okay, I'm not mad at you anymore.
Mr. Yi, Mr. Jiang
I'm here to buy a bully game console
My child is so cute
It's just that there are too few game cards.
That game card
You can buy our New Year's gift box.
There is a random game card in it.
Really do
Then I'll take a look.
autumn
Your bundled sales model is really awesome.
Many people bought our gift box.
Get game cards
Go buy a Xiaobawang game console again
I bought a Xiaobawang game console without a card.
Go buy our Chinese New Year gift box again.
Yes!
And the traffic brought by this free-to-play game
It has also promoted the good life of our instant noodles.
You will be charged 10 yuan.
Boss, 20 buckets of skewers of instant noodles, okay, okay
Right.
After all, only we produce barrel instant noodles.
There are no imports at all.
I also did some rough calculations
According to the current situation
Our monthly output value has reached 80 million
What monthly output value has reached 80 million?
How long has it been?
Mainly our previous sales channels?
It's all bad
This is now distributed across the country.
It's normal to have that kind of income
That is to say
Our current annual output value has reached nearly 1 billion
Is it the same level as Zun Dong?
Certainly.
Yiqiong, you are so awesome.
You really did it.
I'm not dreaming
Mainly now that we have participated in Jiangnan
Business conference communication
Qualified at this Jiangnan Business Conference
I'm going to fight this square to the death
What do you have to do?
The dialect was cool at first
Sister is so miserable
Of course I want to avenge him!